    The first GUI is the main menu. The main menu has 3 options on the bottom of the screen, a 
picture of the game board and a message welcoming players to the game.The "Begin" button takes you 
to the game properties screen, the "Help" button takes you to the help section, and the "Quit" 
button exits the game.
	The second GUI is the help section. The help section has all of the game rules, a description to
navigate the menu, a website for troubleshooting info and 2 buttons. The "Back" button takes you 
back to the main menu, the "Quit" button exits the game.
	The third GUI is the game properties. Game properties is where you tell the game "how many 
colours will be playing", "how many humans will be playing", and "board length on each side". There
are also 3 buttons on the bottom of the screen. The "Back" button takes you to the main menu, the 
"Quit" button exits the game, the "Continue" button takes you to the team selector.
	The fourth GUI is the team selector. Here you can choose which teams will play in the game. The 
"Back" button takes you back to the game properties, the "Quit" button exits the game, the 
"Continue" button takes you to the game.
	The fifth GUI is the game screen. At all times there is 2 buttons in the bottom left corner and
all the teams are displayed on each side, with the health of their robots. The "Help" button takes 
the user to the help section, and the "Quit" button exits the game.
	The game includes one board in a hexagon shape, made up of smaller hexagons. It can be played 
with 1-6 players. The size of the board and the colours used for teams depends on the number of 
players in the game. There are 5 spaces on each side when there are 2 players, 5 or 7 spaces on each
side when there are 3 players, and 7 spaces on each side when there are 6 players. The team colours 
include: red, orange, yellow, green, blue and purple. When there are only 2 players the colours will
be red and green, when there are 3 players the colours will be red, yellow and blue. 
	The players control 3 robots on the board: a scout, sniper and a tank. Each robot has different
stats. The tank has the highest attack and health at 3 points, but has the lowest movement and
attack range at 1 point for each. The sniper has the highest attack range at 3 points. Its attack, 
health and movement are all at 2 points. The scout has the highest movement at 3 points, but has the 
lowest health and attack at 1 point and attack range at 2 points. 
	If there are not enough players to have a game, the player(s) that are in the game can face 
Artificial Intelligence(AI). The AI can also face other AI with no actual people playing. All the
robots begin at the side of their colour. The game is played with 3 turns per round with 1 turn for
each robot. The order of robots is dependant on which one has the greatest movement stat. Typically 
the scout has the first turn, the sniper has the second turn, and the tank has the last turn. For 
every turn Red goes first, then orange, then yellow, then green, the blue, then purple. If a player
does not have the correct type of robot for the round, the player is skipped. In a turn, a player 
can choose to either move or attack, depending on if there are enemies in range. The player can move
its robot as many spaces as it has movement points and can attack at any point of the movement. Any 
robot in the game can be on the same tile at the same time.
	Not all robots are visible to the player, only the ones within the range will show up on the 
board. A robot can shoot any enemy and friendly (including self) robot within its range. If a robot 
is attacked, take the health of the robot that was hit and subtract it by the attacking robot's 
attack. A robot is dead when its health is 0. To win the game, you must be the player with the last
robot alive.
	The sixth GUI is the end results. The winner of the game is displayed as well as 3 buttons. The 
"play again" button starts up a new game with the same number of humans, AI, and teams. The stats
button takes the user to the stats screen and the "Quit" button exits the game.	
	The seventh GUI is the stats from the game just played. It displays 2 buttons and each teams: 
wins, losses, ties, scout kills, sniper kills, and tank kills. The "play again" button starts up a
new game with the same number of humans, AI, and teams. The "Quit" button exits the game.